feat(topology): show pipeline-runs list in sidepanel (#403)
janus-idp/backstage-plugins: plugins/topology/README.md

  ```

> - The following must be added in`customResources` component in the [`app-config.yaml`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/kubernetes/configuration#configuring-kubernetes-clusters) file to view the Tekton PipelineRuns list in sidepanel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following code must be added in`customResources` component in the [`app-config.yaml`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/kubernetes/configuration#configuring-kubernetes-clusters) file to view the Tekton PipelineRuns list in side panel:
```

  ```yaml
   kubernetes:
     ...
     customResources:
       - group: 'tekton.dev'
         apiVersion: 'v1beta1'
         plural: 'pipelines'
       - group: 'tekton.dev'
         apiVersion: 'v1beta1'
         plural: 'pipelineruns'
  ```

>   Also, ensure that the pipeline and pipelinerun are granted a [`ClusterRole`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/kubernetes/configuration#role-based-access-control). You can use the following code to grant the `ClusterRole` to pipeline and pipelinerun:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Also, ensure that the pipeline and PipelineRun are granted a [`ClusterRole`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/kubernetes/configuration#role-based-access-control). You can use the following code to grant the `ClusterRole` to pipeline and PipelineRun:
```
